But again, like I say, my whole two years was
fighting in the north, but I was over there in 67,
68, 69, and 70. That was the time of the heaviest
fighting prior to 72 when they came across the
border once the U.S. forces were gone. We never
lost a battle. We inflicted major injury on the
enemy. I think if you – and I don't like to use the
word body counting, though you probably read a lot
about body count in Vietnam. I wasn't involved in
body count. If you look at casualties, the
American forces lost right around 56,000, maybe
it's 58,000. But they believe the North
Vietnamese lost up in the 300,000 troops.
We just had a greater military might. We had the
ability to inflict massive destruction on the
enemy any time we're in contact. As a man,
especially when I was flying OB-10s, where I was
the tackle air controller airborne, and just to
see the might that come down. You get a troop of
friendly forces in contact with the enemy. Like I
mentioned earlier, it was just a matter of seconds
before, you know, artillery rounds, naval
gunfire rounds. At one time, I remember one time we
had a Marine regiment that was fighting an NVA
division. I had 23 flights of fixed-wing stacked
overhead. I mean,
that's the type of power we had. So in answer to your
question, I can say that mainly we... I'm not aware
of us losing any battles, but I would have to say
overall we lost the war. And I say we lost the war. I
don't think it's the American military that lost
the war. It's the American people that lost the
war. Because, number one, they didn't fight it
right. They just didn't fight it right. And you
have to blame that on the politicians. And, of
course, then once the war was going on, they had
to—the reason we're out of there is because the
American people said we don't want our military
over there. Sir, I'd like to thank you for your
time. That concludes this interview. Okay. Well,
if you have any questions on Vietnam, I know it's a
short interview.